everyone knows he is
today I'm going to teach you
how do we see a big players in the
new ultimate team mode then by
world cup which is available on all
the consoles of course for these
is not for he'll have to make you
an ultimate etienne and so you go
in my club it's about this action of
complicated fake case to see this
which is already good so I think he
is often we save again
contract as well as your ultimate team
six months
when you are going to be writing in the
middle since 5 brings so for that
you're going to ultimate food where I you
remember that everything explodes and that if you
have a good team and it's a good
ethics in hockey and do this
that no man had pretended to believe that
no change and a change
so we see killer competing with
you were very happy and I hope
that it will give you very bad
for the monsoon we are in the
timed tulle mambok the sensible your
team more effort so she is fun
3 you and normal that we believe so
you who goes down more in the game
and I confess and there you will melt to
cause of macromedia automatically to the
driving everything else he's not going that and
when I spend time they start
to train
you have to click on select and at the same time
time extra for the part of August
so as you can see scorer
Meme it gerdemann about there 91 that
totally exceptional friends I you
invite to click on like and to
subscribe to tackle even earlier
on sifaka time to the spicy kind to
Quebec sq